seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Coffee Cup
craftman,kaikai
craftmanurl,

homeurl,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chikausa/coffee-cup/master/Updates/coffee_cup/

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

sakura.bindoption500.group,Sleeve
sakura.bindgroup500.name,Sleeve,Pink Stripe
sakura.bindgroup501.name,Sleeve,Not St*rbucks
sakura.bindgroup502.name,Sleeve,SSP
sakura.bindgroup503.name,Sleeve,Needle
sakura.bindgroup504.name,Sleeve,Cinnamoroll

sakura.bindoption400.group,Cup,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup400.default,1
sakura.bindgroup400.name,Cup,Plain
sakura.bindgroup401.name,Cup,Pink Cup
sakura.bindgroup402.name,Cup,Red Cup
sakura.bindgroup403.name,Cup,Orange Cup
sakura.bindgroup404.name,Cup,Yellow Cup
sakura.bindgroup405.name,Cup,Green Cup
sakura.bindgroup406.name,Cup,Blue Cup
sakura.bindgroup407.name,Cup,Purple Cup
sakura.bindgroup408.name,Cup,Cinnamoroll
sakura.bindgroup409.name,Cup,Kuromi

sakura.bindoption300.group,Cream
sakura.bindgroup300.name,Cream,Plain Whipped Cream
sakura.bindgroup301.name,Cream,Caramel Drizzle
sakura.bindgroup302.name,Cream,Chocolate Drizzle
sakura.bindgroup303.name,Cream,Strawberry Drizzle
sakura.bindgroup304.name,Cream,Matcha Drizzle
sakura.bindgroup305.name,Cream,Chocolate Whipped Cream

sakura.bindoption200.group,Drink,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup200.default,1
sakura.bindgroup200.name,Drink,Ice Mocha
sakura.bindgroup201.name,Drink,Ice Lemon Tea
sakura.bindgroup202.name,Drink,Ice Matcha Latte
sakura.bindgroup203.name,Drink,Strawberry Milkshake
sakura.bindgroup204.name,Drink,Black Coffee
sakura.bindgroup205.name,Drink,Passionfruit Tea
sakura.bindgroup206.name,Drink,Galaxy
sakura.bindgroup207.name,Drink,Radioactive

sakura.bindoption100.group,Straw,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup100.default,1
sakura.bindgroup100.name,Straw,Thick Pink Straw
sakura.bindgroup101.name,Straw,Thick Red Straw
sakura.bindgroup102.name,Straw,Thick Orange Straw
sakura.bindgroup103.name,Straw,Thick Yellow Straw
sakura.bindgroup104.name,Straw,Thick Green Straw
sakura.bindgroup105.name,Straw,Thick Blue Straw
sakura.bindgroup106.name,Straw,Thick Purple Straw
sakura.bindgroup107.name,Straw,Thick Pastel Blue Straw
sakura.bindgroup108.name,Straw,Thick Pastel Purple Straw